1. Create plane and a wall/obstacle OK
2. Create basic fp-controller OK
3. Test to put something resembling lantern in front of camera OK
3.2 Create shape which casts appropriate shadow from player character OK
4. Experiment with light source behind player / on lantern OK
5. Implement functionality to turn on/off lantern light OK
6. Expand/add player hitbox OK
7. Detect collission with object OK
8. Detect collission with moving object (demon) OK
9. Detect getting in to range / faacing towards an object (scroll) OK
10. Show prompting message to interact with scroll OK
11. Implement picking up scroll (making it disappear) OK

12. Implement the "scroll-factory"  OK
  - With randomized positions  OK
13. Implement reading / displaying of scroll content (graphical)  OK
14. Show interaction prompting message in UI  OK
15. Implement moving a door  OK
16. Create a "demon-spawner"  OK
  - With increased chance while lantern is lit  OK
  - Randomize the demon start position  OK
17. Implement the variation of demon that does NOT lock on target  OK
  - Add to "demon-spawner"  OK
  
18. Set up functionality to handle world areas (in WorldManager)  OK
19. Set up and organize demon controlpoints, scroll possible positions
  and interactables according to world areas  OK
20. Implement thresholds and switching between active world areas  OK
21. Only keep the interactables in the current world area active!
  - Disable/Enable script component in doors OK
  
22. Implement read channeling (non-graphical)  OK
23. Make it impossible to move while reading  OK
24. Make it impossible to read without having lantern lit and impossible to
turn it off while reading  OK
25. Implement matches  OK
26. Implement fear-meter (non-graphical)  OK
  - Increase when hit by demons  OK
  - Increase when walking without lantern lit  OK
27. Create victim class  OK
  - And a victim factory!!  OK
28. Create victim chant prompt and implement the recognition 
of correct chanting  OK
. Implement a start and game-over screen
  - Exit / play / restart options

. Create graphical read channeling
. Create graphical fear-meter
. Create graphical inventory


